v0.4.2
======

New Features
------------

Bug Fixes
---------

* `Map.errors` and `Map.error_reports()` now work when there is a mix of holds
  and errors in the map. Previously, held components would cause both of these to
  raise `MapComponentHeld` when trying to access them in that situation.
  Issue: https://github.com/htcondor/htmap/issues/165
* Requirements statement merging was broken when any of the three sources of requirements
  (settings, function-level map options, and individual-map map options) were not given.
  Requirements from all source are now properly merged, regardless of whether any of them
  actually exist.
  Issue: https://github.com/htcondor/htmap/issues/168
* Top-level settings that were dictionaries (like ``MAP_OPTIONS``) did not behave
  correctly when elements of them were set; they did not inherit the old settings.
  These kinds of settings are now properly inherited, but expect breaking changes in the
  `Settings` API next release to resolve the underlying issues.
  Issue: https://github.com/htcondor/htmap/issues/169
* The ``htmap-exec`` Docker image should now cleanly export to Singularity.
  Issue: https://github.com/htcondor/htmap/issues/173

Known Issues
------------

* Execution errors that result in the job being terminated but no output being
  produced are still not handled entirely gracefully. Right now, the component
  state will just show as ``ERRORED``, but there won't be an actual error report.
* Map component state may become corrupted when a map is manually vacated.
  Force-removal may be needed to clean up maps if HTCondor and HTMap disagree
  about the state of their components.
  Issue: https://github.com/htcondor/htmap/issues/129
