v0.5.0
======

New Features
------------

* HTMap CLI commands that operate on tags can now pattern-match for tags using
  glob syntax. Try adding ``-p "<pattern>"`` to commands like ``htmap remove``
  or ``htmap release``!
  Issue: https://github.com/htcondor/htmap/issues/159
* Component status tracking is now preserved between sessions, so it won't be
  performed from scratch every time. This will only work if the HTCondor Python
  bindings version is 8.9.3 or greater. You can upgrade your bindings version
  roughly-independently of HTMap by running ``pip install --upgrade htcondor``.
  Issue: https://github.com/htcondor/htmap/issues/166
* :class:`htmap.Map`, :class:`htmap.MapStdOut`, :class:`htmap.MapStdErr`,
  and :class:`htmap.MapOutputFiles` now all support in the ``in`` operator to check
  if a component index is in the map.


Deprecated Features
-------------------

* The various iteration methods on :class:`htmap.Map` no longer have a
  ``callback`` argument.


Bug Fixes
---------

* It should now be much harder to accidentally get a dangling, inaccessible map
  due to an interrupted ``remove``.
  Issue: https://github.com/htcondor/htmap/issues/127
* When an execution errors occurs, the exception and traceback will be printed
  to stderr execute-side (in addition to being brought back submit-side). This
  should make some debugging patterns work as expected.
  Issue: https://github.com/htcondor/htmap/issues/178
* The CLI command ``htmap status --live`` now has much better behavior when
  the table width is nearly the width of the terminal. It should now never wrap
  unless the table is actually wider than the terminal, instead of a few
  characters before the actual width.
* HTMap now handles late materialized jobs much more smoothly: maps with
  unmaterialized components can be removed, and various CLI commands that output
  color won't fail when acting on maps with unmaterialized components. However,
  unmaterialized components do not show as `IDLE`, which mirrors the behavior
  of `condor_q`. This does make it hard to know how many components are in a
  late-materialized map at a glance; we are thinking about how to address this.
  Issue: https://github.com/htcondor/htmap/issues/158


Known Issues
------------

* Execution errors that result in the job being terminated but no output being
  produced are still not handled entirely gracefully. Right now, the component
  state will just show as ``ERRORED``, but there won't be an actual error report.
* Map component state may become corrupted when a map is manually vacated.
  Force-removal may be needed to clean up maps if HTCondor and HTMap disagree
  about the state of their components.
  Issue: https://github.com/htcondor/htmap/issues/129
